Move listings to a relational store, fix efficiency gaps, rework listing UI

Data layer
- `businesses` is a real table (22 columns + payload JSONB, 16 indexes) instead
  of one JSONB document in app_state. Reads, filters, counts, facets and paging
  all happen in Postgres; the blob is now only a rollback artifact, rebuilt from
  the rows by a 120s snapshot worker.
- Writes are per row (PATCH/DELETE /api/businesses/:id), so two admins saving at
  once no longer clobber the whole directory.
- The public fetch is pincode-scoped and paged 500 at a time, and any scoped or
  field-trimmed response is marked `partial` so the client can never write it
  back over the full directory.
- Every ranking sort ends `, id ASC`. Without a tiebreaker, LIMIT/OFFSET over a
  non-total order returned some rows twice and never returned others: the first
  two pages of pincode 410206 gave 1,000 rows containing 998 distinct ids.
- Reviews get the same treatment (table + (business_id, created_at) index,
  mirrored on write, backfilled on boot); `?businessId=` serves one listing's
  reviews off the index.

Background import queue
- POST /api/admin/imports enqueues and returns; a worker upserts in batches of
  1,000 across 4 connections. A 3,000-row file is 77ms to enqueue and 180ms to
  write, against a request that used to hold the connection for minutes.
- Rows are de-duplicated by id before dispatch, which is what makes parallel
  batches safe. A failed batch is halved rather than retried row by row.
- Chunk limit raised 3,000 -> 9,000 now that imports are queued.

Efficiency fixes, all measured at 25,965 listings
- Five handlers read the whole directory to find one row (351ms vs 2ms). Worse,
  parsing a 3.7MB JSONB document blocks the event loop: p95 on an unrelated
  indexed endpoint went 16ms -> 352ms while one ran. Now single-row reads.
- Public search (/api/mobile/search) scored all 25,965 records in Node per
  query. Now a generated tsvector column + GIN index: 147ms -> 6ms, and phone
  search works (it returned 0 results before).
- contact_view_events had no index on created_at, and the Show Number rate check
  counts by it: 43ms at 1M rows and climbing, now flat 2ms.
- Geography saves made 1,327 round trips; batched via unnest, 217-367ms -> 41ms.
- The CSV import apply step walked the growing array per row: 8,110ms for 9,000
  new listings, now 9ms. Verified byte-identical to the old reducer across nine
  scenarios.
- One nested area lookup was duplicated 14 times across four files; all now go
  through a single memoised map in geographyMaster.

Data-loss fix
- syncBusinessRows deleted rows absent from whatever array it was handed, and
  the merging PUT built that array from a blob up to two minutes behind the
  rows. Reproduced: importing 500 listings then PUTting one unrelated listing
  deleted 499 of them, HTTP 200, nothing logged. Pruning is now opt-in and only
  the backfill, /replace and /reset use it; the merging PUT upserts directly.

Listing UI
- Detail page: non-informative tags hidden, Visit Website / Directions / gallery
  removed, Claimed Merchant is admin-only, Similar Nearby Listings collapsed
  with its ratings removed, a static map after the address, and Show number
  pinned to the foot of the panel.
- OTP modal: no vendor or "security gate" chrome; copy is Send OTP / View Number.
- Filters: subcategory first and multi-select, category as radio so it can never
  be fully deselected.
- Cards show the subcategory rather than the area, and no listing gets a stock
  photo standing in for a missing image.
- Home: subcategory chips filter in place, Browse by category capped at three
  rows ordered by the visitor's own history, and a Recently viewed rail.
- Ad banners inline in the mobile results, one after every fifth card.

Listing slugs
- buildListingSlug interpolated after slugifying, so 65 listings whose names
  slugified to nothing got "-localisy010734" from the server and
  "localisy010734" from the client: one URL in the sitemap, another in every
  link. Both now slugify the combined string, and all five copies of the
  slugifier normalise Unicode first, which also fixed 27 mangled slugs
  ("Cafe Coffee Day" was becoming "caf-coffee-day").

Bugs the type-check missed
- The static-map block read selectedBiz from above its declaration. A temporal
  dead zone inside a function body, invisible to tsc, fatal in the browser:
  React unmounted the tree and every page rendered blank on HTTP 200.
- currentLocality falls back to localities[0], undefined until geography
  arrives, and 34 sites read currentLocality.x unguarded; the first one to run
  ("carouselImages") took the portal down. It now falls back to a placeholder.
- An empty description rendered as a bare pair of quote marks, and an empty
  areasOfOperation rendered a "Service Areas:" label with nothing after it
  (the guard tested the array, and [] is truthy). Both on every imported
  listing.

fields=lite dropped what the detail page needs
- The public list request trims description, tags, website and gpsCoordinates.
  The detail page renders from the same record, so the static map could never
  appear on the live site whatever the database held. GET /api/businesses/:id
  now serves the full row (approved only without a session) and the detail
  panel hydrates the one listing it shows. The list stays lite.
- Recently viewed was only in the mobile layout; it is now under Browse by
  category on desktop too.

The businesses table never migrated onto its own schema
- CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS is a no-op against a table that already exists and
  does not reconcile columns. Production already had a `businesses` table from
  an older schema (id, name, category, locality + 3 rows), so it kept that
  shape and the next statement failed:
    ERROR: column "google_place_id" does not exist
    STATEMENT: CREATE UNIQUE INDEX ... ON businesses(google_place_id) ...
  There were ADD COLUMN IF NOT EXISTS migrations for app_users, cms_templates,
  listing_import_jobs and search_tsv, but none for the 22 columns of the table
  this work introduced. All 22 are now added individually, each in its own try
  so one unaddable column cannot cost the rest, and information_schema is
  checked afterwards for NOT NULL columns without defaults that this schema
  never writes - those would reject every insert.

One failing index must not cost us the database
- getPgClient() wrapped 500+ lines of schema bootstrap - 26 CREATE TABLEs and
  every index - in one try block whose catch ran `pgPool = null; return null`.
  pgInitAttempted is latched, so a single rejected DDL statement made the
  process run entirely file-backed for its whole life: no listings, no
  geography, every write into an ephemeral container, HTTP 200 throughout. The
  log line said "Postgres audit logging unavailable", which by then had nothing
  to do with audit logging. It now probes with SELECT 1 and keeps a healthy
  connection, running against whatever schema exists.
- A missing DATABASE_URL returned null in silence. It now says so, loudly.
- The backfill treated "at least one row" as populated, so a table holding 3
  rows against 6,515 listings in the blob was skipped on every boot. It now
  compares the two and rebuilds below 90%. Reproduced end to end: a table cut
  to 3 rows against a 100-listing blob repairs itself on the next boot.
- The blob snapshot worker read the rows and wrote whatever it found over the
  rollback copy, with no floor. On a boot where the backfill had not completed
  that would have replaced every listing with an empty array, unlogged. It now
  refuses below half the blob's length, names both counts, and leaves the dirty
  flag set to retry. scripts/blob-snapshot-guard-test.mjs reproduces the
  original failure and asserts the blob survives it.
